TQ Online Store ​
We have created the following package options for the coming year to facilitate your campus's participation in the Thriving Project. For any questions related to pricing or packages, please email Dr. Schreiner at lschreiner@thrivingincollege.org . Scroll down after reading about package options to find the online store catalog.
1. Researcher Option $250
Use of the instrument for research purposes and/or use of a dataset. Dataset usage is only available to dissertation students.
2. Survey Package $500
This package includes the survey only. Our team sets up your survey and sends you the link. When your survey is closed, we will send you the raw data . There is no report or normative comparison and no interactive dashboard.
Institution-specific ques tions may be added for $50 per item for up to 5 items.
3. Basic Report Package $1,500
Our team sets up your survey and sends you the link. When your survey is closed, we will send you the raw data. At the end of the semester, you will receive the interactive dashboard plus your report that contains a comparison of your institutional data to the national norms.
Institution-specific ques tions may be added for $50 per item for up to 10 items.
​ ​
4. Expanded Report Package $3,000
You provide us with a list of emails, and we administer the survey. You may add up to 10 additional questions that are institution specific. When your survey is closed, we will send you the raw data. When the national norms have been established for the semester, we will send you a report that contains a comparison of your institutional data to the national norms, a predictive model specific to your institution (if you have more than 300 responses), and the interactive dashboard .
5. Thriving Campus Package $10,000 for assessment of all students, faculty, and staff
You provide us with a list of emails, and we administer 3 student surveys (any combination of Traditional Undergraduate, Adult, Graduate, Sophomores, Community College) as well as surveys to faculty and staff, so that you obtain a comprehensive picture of thriving on your campus. You may add up to 10 additional questions that are institution specific. When your survey is closed, we will send you the raw data. At the end of the semester, we will send you a report for each survey that contains a comparison of your institutional data to the national norms, a predictive model specific to your institution (if you have more than 300 responses), and the interactive dashboard . This package also includes a 45-minute webinar specifically for your institution to interact with Dr. Laurie Schreiner, Director of The Thriving Project, about your results and recommended action steps.
​ ​
To facilitate survey registration, we utilize an online store format. Add the surveys you wish to utilize to your cart, select your package option, add any additional services, and proceed with your purchase.
CONTACT
ADDRESS
