top of page
TQ
&trade;
HOME
DR. LAURIE SCHREINER
Packages & Prices
STUDENT TQ SURVEYS
TQ for Undergraduate Students
TQ for Adult Learners
TQ for Graduate Students
Sophomore Experiences Survey
TQ for Community College Students
Online Store
FACULTY & STAFF TQ
FACULTY TQ
STAFF TQ
Packages & Prices
Online Store
ABOUT US
PUBLICATIONS
PRESENTATIONS
DISSERTATIONS
CONTACT
Researcher Request Form
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
CCCU Collaborative Assessment Project (CAP)
We are excited to be partners once again in the CCCU Collaborative Assessment Project focused on the Thriving Campus.
The surveys available in this assessment project include:
the Thriving Quotient for Traditional Undergraduate Students
the Thriving Quotient for Adult Learners
the Thriving Quotient for Graduate Students
the Faculty Thriving Quotient
the Staff Thriving Quotient
When you register to administer any of these instruments as part of the CCCU Collaborative Assessment Project, you will receive a report that provides your results in comparison to the CCCU norms, your results disaggregated data by race/ethnicity (if you have over 30 students of color in your sample), and a predictive model of thriving unique to your campus if your sample contains more than 300 students.
Each instrument costs $750 for the CCCU report. Institutions that have registered for CAP and order more than one instrument will receive a 25% CCCU discount on their total order.
There are a few extras that you can add to your order:
5 Institution-specific questions can be added for $250
Additional target group reports (athletes, first-year students, first-generation students, etc.) can be added for $300 each
A one-hour webinar for leaders of your institution explaining your institution's results for $1,000.
Data collection begins on October 7 and concludes on November 15. We recommend at least a two-week window during that time frame for data collection.
Please use this link to register , and we will send you the next steps in the process, as well as an invoice to be payable upon receipt by check or credit card.
Thank you for partnering with The Thriving Project,
Dr. Laurie Schreiner & the Thriving Project Team
CONTACT
ADDRESS
Dr. Laurie A. Schreiner, Director
The Thriving Project
1368 Upland Hills Drive S
Upland, CA 91786
CONTACT US
626-826-6376
Info@thrivingincollege.org
lschreiner@thrivingincollege.org
Send
Thanks for submitting!
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Disclaimer
&copy; 2023 The Thriving Project - All rights reserved
Refund Policy
bottom of page
