top of page
TQ
&trade;
HOME
DR. LAURIE SCHREINER
Packages & Prices
STUDENT TQ SURVEYS
TQ for Undergraduate Students
TQ for Adult Learners
TQ for Graduate Students
Sophomore Experiences Survey
TQ for Community College Students
Online Store
FACULTY & STAFF TQ
FACULTY TQ
STAFF TQ
Packages & Prices
Online Store
ABOUT US
PUBLICATIONS
PRESENTATIONS
DISSERTATIONS
CONTACT
Researcher Request Form
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
Faculty Thriving Quotient
In the decade that we have been studying college student thriving, we have clearly documented the vital role that faculty play in student thriving. Yet faculty often respond to data on student thriving with questions about how students can thrive if faculty themselves are not thriving. Attention to the predictors and campus elements supportive of faculty thriving can enable institutional leaders to more effectively serve their students by supporting their faculty.
The Faculty Thriving Quotient (FTQ) is a valid and reliable (ɑ = .94) instrument that assesses faculty flourishing. Factor analyses have established the components of faculty thriving as the following five scales:
Meaningful Engagement -- sample item: "I feel energized about my work as a faculty member."
Institutional Affinity -- sample item: "I feel like I belong here."
Relational Support -- sample item: "I receive the support I need from my co-workers at this institution."
Student Impact -- sample item: "I believe I make a difference in the lives of my students."
Affirmed Value -- sample item: "My department chair, program director, or dean has given me positive feedback about my work as a faculty member in the last year."
The FTQ also collects demographic information and faculty responses to the predictors of thriving, including workload, external commitments and stressors, trust in administrative leadership, and feeling valued and adequately supported by the institution.
An institution can participate at any time during the year, but national norms are created each November and April. After you complete the online registration, we will send you a custom survey link and a sample email to send to all your full-time faculty. We will send one follow-up email to participants a week after the survey opens. The survey will close after two weeks.
CONTACT
ADDRESS
Dr. Laurie A. Schreiner, Director
The Thriving Project
1368 Upland Hills Drive S
Upland, CA 91786
CONTACT US
626-826-6376
Info@thrivingincollege.org
lschreiner@thrivingincollege.org
Send
Thanks for submitting!
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Disclaimer
&copy; 2023 The Thriving Project - All rights reserved
Refund Policy
bottom of page
