top of page
TQ
&trade;
HOME
DR. LAURIE SCHREINER
Packages & Prices
STUDENT TQ SURVEYS
TQ for Undergraduate Students
TQ for Adult Learners
TQ for Graduate Students
Sophomore Experiences Survey
TQ for Community College Students
Online Store
FACULTY & STAFF TQ
FACULTY TQ
STAFF TQ
Packages & Prices
Online Store
ABOUT US
PUBLICATIONS
PRESENTATIONS
DISSERTATIONS
CONTACT
Researcher Request Form
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
What is Thriving?
Thriving is an expanded vision for student success that incorporates students' intellectual, interpersonal, and psychological engagement and well-being while in college. Emerging from the intersection of research in positive psychology on flourishing (Keyes & Haidt, 2003) and Bean and Eaton's (2000) psychological model of student retention, thriving takes a holistic view of students and their college experience.
Author of the Thriving Quotient, Dr. Laurie Schreiner, describes thriving students as "not only succeeding academically but also engaged in the learning process, investing effort to reach important educational goals, managing their time and commitments effectively, connected in healthy ways to other people, optimistic about their future, positive about their present choices, appreciative of differences in others, and committed to enriching their community" (Schreiner, 2020, p. 20). Each of these aspects of thriving are amenable to change through campus interventions.
THE THRIVING PROJECT
Register Your Campus
ABOUT
Dr. Laurie A. Schreiner
Dr. Laurie Schreiner is Professor Emerita of Higher Education at Azusa Pacific University in southern California, having spent 45 years in higher education as a psychology professor and associate academic dean after receiving her PhD in Psychology from the University of Tennessee. Co-author of The Student Satisfaction Inventory that is used on over 1,600 campuses across the US and Canada, she has published numerous journal articles and book chapters on thriving, positive psychology, engaged learning, sophomore success, faculty development, and advising.
She also has consulted with over 200 colleges and universities on issues of student success, strengths-based education, retention, academic advising, student satisfaction, and effective teaching strategies. She has been principal investigator on two federal grants to promote student success and retention and has directed national projects on retention and student satisfaction.
TQ Surveys for Students
TQ for Undergraduate Students
Read More
TQ for Adult Learners
Read More
TQ for Graduate Students
Read More
Sophomore Experiences Survey
Read More
Faculty & Staff Surveys
Faculty Thriving Quotient
Read More
Staff Thriving Quotient
Read More
CONTACT
ADDRESS
Dr. Laurie A. Schreiner, Director
The Thriving Project
1368 Upland Hills Drive S
Upland, CA 91786
CONTACT US
626-826-6376
Info@thrivingincollege.org
lschreiner@thrivingincollege.org
Send
Thanks for submitting!
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Disclaimer
&copy; 2023 The Thriving Project - All rights reserved
Refund Policy
bottom of page
